Add vim-pact to readme (#561)
kadena-io/pact: README.md

smart contracts, the best way to go is to use the [Atom editor](https://atom.io) and install
`language-pact` using the [package manager](http://flight-manual.atom.io/using-atom/sections/atom-packages/).

Quick Start: Vim
---

> The [vim-pact](https://github.com/wsdjeg/vim-pact) provides pact supporting for [vim editor](https://vim.org), 

Reviewer: Typo comma at end. Also on the vim-pact project itself, an installation guide in the readme might be a good idea.

Reviewer 2: Seconded on the install how-to. Otherwise, this looks great!

> The [vim-pact](https://github.com/wsdjeg/vim-pact) provides pact supporting for [vim editor](https://vim.org), 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are [vim](https://vim.org) user, the [vim-pact](https://github.com/wsdjeg/vim-pact) plugin provides support for pact. 
```

> If you are [vim](https://vim.org) user, the [vim-pact](https://github.com/wsdjeg/vim-pact) plugin provides support for pact. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are a [vim](https://vim.org) user, the [vim-pact](https://github.com/wsdjeg/vim-pact) plugin provides support for pact. 
```

Reviewer 2: I missed this in my review - sorry.
